We will create components inside the component folder (src/components).
we will create containers inside the containers folder (src/containers)
components will be objects, such as buttons.
containers will hold these component objects.
everything will be called by App.js to render these components/containers.
There is an example of how to create a button inside the ButtonExample.js file inside components folder.

After cloning the project with git (shown below "Using git") all you have to do is type "npm start" and
the program will launch the app on google chrome. To update it, just save the file on your computer, and it
will re-launch with changes automatically.

BRANCHES INFORMATION:

We will not be pushing changes to the WebMaster branch.
We will have a WebDev branch, and underneath that we will have WebDev<Name> branches for you all to push your changes to.
This is so we do not accidentally delete each others code, or modify anything accidentally.

Using git:

(this is all inside the directory you want to be coding in, in your respective terminal)

to clone everything type: "git clone <url>"  with <url> being the url to the github git repository.
after that, type: "git checkout -b WebDev<YourName>" to create a new branch with your name for Web development.
    you will be pushing your changes here. We will merge branches later.
then type "git push --set-upstream origin WebDevMaster" to keep track of what changes happen there.

your repository should be set up now.

if you want to pull the most recent changes from github, type: "git pull". 
    If that doesn't work, you will most likely have to specify the WebDevMaster branch to pull from.

if you want to push your changes, type: "git add *" to add all changes to staging area.
    If you only want to add a certain file or folder, type "git add <file/folder name>"
    If you want to add your current directory, type "git add ."
then type "git commit -m "<your message here>" with your message describing what you are adding with this update.
then type "git push" and it will push to your WebDev<name> branch. 

Thats it. Good Luck!


P.S.

typing "git status" will reveal a lot of useful information, like what files are new, what files were
modified, what files are in staging area to be pushed, and if branch is up to date.

typing "git branch" will should you what branch you are currently on, and other branches as well.
